clarify preview release (#854)
apollographql/docs: src/content/basics/resources/product-launch-stages.mdx

### Preview

Product and feature previews represent an early version of associated functionality.

Previews aren't officially supported with any SLA, and breaking API changes are possible between incremental versions of a preview.

> We encourage you to provide your feedback about functionality and issues you encounter when trying previews in your development and test environments. We might release multiple previews before the functionality reaches [general availability](#general-availability).

Reviewer: This verbiage suggests previews should only be used in dev/test environments. I'm not sure if we want to limit them to this?

```suggestion
We encourage you to provide your feedback about functionality and issues you encounter when trying preview features. We might release multiple previews before the functionality reaches [general availability](#general-availability).
```

End-of-life releases published to a package registry aren't removed from that registry. This means you can still install end-of-life versions past the end-of-life date (though Apollo strongly recommends against this).

> **Do not run end-of-life open-source releases in production**. Upgrade to the latest generally available release as soon as possible to ensure you continue receiving security patches, bug fixes, new features, and compatibility with GraphOS features.

Reviewer: Per Stellar's feedback, we should limit bolding for UI elements and italics for new features. Not sure if this needs emphasis.

```suggestion
Do not run end-of-life open-source releases in production. Upgrade to the latest generally available release as soon as possible to ensure you continue receiving security patches, bug fixes, new features, and compatibility with GraphOS features.
```
